Implement new Dataset class using HDF5 (#4097)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * `data.Dataset` now uses HDF5 instead of pickle for serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data.Dataset` now uses HDF5 instead of dill for serialization.
```

>   [(4097)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4097)

Reviewer 2: @brownj85 don't forget to make sure your name is added to the bottom of the changelog (in the RC branch) _prior_ to the RC branch being finalized!

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

* `data.Dataset` now uses HDF5 instead of dill for serialization.
  [(#4097)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4097)

> * `HardwareHamiltonian`s can now be summed with `int` or `float`. A sequence of `HardwareHamiltonian`s can now be summed via the builtin `sum`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `HardwareHamiltonian` objects can now be summed with `int` or `float`. A sequence of `HardwareHamiltonian` object can now be summed via the builtin `sum`.
```
